716 rework dfns section (#942)
Dyalog/documentation: programming-reference-guide/docs/defined-functions-and-operators/dfns-and-dops/arguments.md

# Arguments and Operands

> Within a dfn the arguments are referred to by fixed names, not declared in a header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a dfn/dop, arguments/operands are referred to by fixed names rather than declared in a header as they are for [tradfns/tradops](../traditional-functions-and-operators/global-local-names.md).
```

- `⍵` is the right argument, and is always available.

> - `⍺` is the left argument. A dfn is ambivalent: when it is called monadically, `⍺` has no value, unless the first line supplies a default with `⍺←` (see [Default Left Argument](default-left-argument.md)).

Reviewer 2: I don't think ⍺← has to be on the first line

<h2 class="example">Examples</h2>
```apl
      {⍵} 5             ⍝ right argument
5
      2 {⍺,⍵} 5         ⍝ both arguments
2 5
```

A dop refers to its operands:

- `⍺⍺` is the left operand.
- `⍵⍵` is the right operand, present only in a dyadic operator.

An operand can be a function or an array.

<h2 class="example">Example</h2>
```apl
      -{⍺⍺ ⍵} 5         ⍝ ⍺⍺ is the operand function, here Negate
¯5
```

> A dfn refers to itself as `∇`, and a dop as `∇∇`, which allows recursion without naming the operation (see [Recursion](recursion.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dfn refers to itself as `∇`, and a dop as `∇∇`, which allows [recursion](recursion.md) without naming the operation.
```
